Hello everyone
I'll show you a technique
that you have probably already seen a
little bit on youtube that I pick up there
it's really something as usual
of basic renato of the food film of
polish pony knife on your work
and then stamped on your angle
and so it makes a small effect a little
effect a little marble and so obviously
then you clean all the contour
so him so much that dries the side
practice of the work plan is that we
can clean up after
here is a little the effect that it gives
and after I passed over a small
to make a little bit of a fund a
deco background and I had a shot of
as stopping over with the
platform rattle for example so here I
will use this design there that I have not
too much I do not have anything that
cover my bottom too much but I want it
still covers completely missed
I do not know what it will be like if
it's going to be too short to the bread I use
my buddy conad the young green one
pony all over the surface of the nail
so here is once determined you
take your correcting pen and you
come down clean the entire outline of
the nail
or properly so to finish
a layer of top coat
we always pay attention when we
pass our top coat to noeux for not
drool stenting
really your your brush brushes
really the surface of the nail
if you press your brush too much
do you will drool all your
stamping and you're going to be forced all
start again and that's great
so here I am green now its
confreres so that's it for this little
deco super nice
frankly it's not it's really not
complicated it's it's basic
accessible for everyone so that's it
actually makes you a background a pink background
with purple mottling camouflage
shot with a stamping and frankly
Here it's a small super costs
nice we will redo the point on
products that I used to make the
base on pink and I used the 433's
at home from beautiful galway collection
still at bahl 303 rape is a rape
has dark fashion color collection so
then I used either you use
to be able to use paper the
bags in which fruit is put
and vegetables at the supermarket it works very
well
rather than swinging them or not knowing
too much to do with you keep them
you votive feast of cons so that's
I have taken to buffer intoned
on the on the kind varnish passes a
layer because I admit it so here
so ultra chain top coat of neon oak
for stenting then I took then
I feel betrayed below always is it
monras clear transparent tower do not
damage the plate so as not to scratch it
buffer conan it's this one
so that's on the plate at home
the year is the pastoral 0.01 and then
ben the comparator site that's it
always useful
and then I think we went around
so here you can have fun at
to make full mottling make it like that
add some little stamping so here you go
pro see you soon for a new decor